Update CODE_OF_CONDUCT (#27)
coinbase/staking-client-library-ts: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## 4. Reporting Issues

> If you experience or witness unacceptable behavior—or have any other concerns—please [start a thread in the CDP Discord](https://discord.com/channels/1220414409550336183/1220416552965247046/1232387370125492244).

Reviewer: We should link to the invite/join instead of the announcements channel.
```suggestion
If you experience or witness unacceptable behavior—or have any other concerns—please [start a thread in the CDP Discord](https://discord.gg/cdp).
```
